feat: add showCheckedStrategy api  for cascader (#34568)
ant-design/ant-design: components/cascader/demo/showCheckedStrategy.md

---
order: 5.1
version: 4.20.0
title:
  zh-CN: 自定义回填方式
  en-US: ShowCheckedStrategy
---

## zh-CN

> 通过设置`ShowCheckedStrategy`选择回填方式。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
通过设置 `ShowCheckedStrategy` 选择回填方式。
```

## en-US

> The way show selected item in box when `ShowCheckedStrategy` set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way show selected item in box using `ShowCheckedStrategy`.
```

Author: done

    children: new Array(20)
      .fill(null)
      .map((_, index) => ({ label: `Number ${index}`, value: index })),
  },
  {
    label: 'Bamboo',
    value: 'bamboo',
    children: [
      {
        label: 'Little',
        value: 'little',
        children: [
          {
            label: 'Toy Fish',
            value: 'fish',
          },
          {
            label: 'Toy Cards',
            value: 'cards',
          },
          {
            label: 'Toy Bird',
            value: 'bird',
          },
        ],
      },
    ],
  },
];

const App = () => {
  const onChange = value => {
    console.log(value);
  };
  return (
    <>
      <Cascader
        style={{ width: '100%' }}
        options={options}
        onChange={onChange}
        multiple
        maxTagCount="responsive"
        showCheckedStrategy={SHOW_CHILD}
        defaultValue={[
          ['bamboo', 'little', 'fish'],
          ['bamboo', 'little', 'cards'],
          ['bamboo', 'little', 'bird'],
        ]}
      />
      <br />
      <br />
      <Cascader
        style={{ width: '100%' }}
        options={options}
        onChange={onChange}
        multiple
        maxTagCount="responsive"

>         showCheckedStrategy={SHOW_PARENT}

Reviewer: 默认选型不用写吧。

Author: done
